## Arnaud Mesureur | Software Engineer

[arnaud.mesureur@gmail.com](mailto:arnaud.mesureur@gmail.com) / [github.com/nsarno](https://github.com/nsarno) / +61 499 882 008

------

### Experience

#### Washos
**Ruby on Rails developer - 2015**

Working remotely with the Washos team, it was only a matter of hours until I could get familiar enough with the codebase to bring significant value to their project. I was able to use my expertise in writing fast and scalable Ruby on Rails code to heavily improve the overall performance of the Washos back-office. Mostly by targeting and removing all N+1 queries.

I also used my knowledge with Arel to create complex queries to pull data out and build charts that helped the marketing and sales team improve the efficiency of their strategy.

#### Quanta Computing
**Ruby on Rails developer - 2013 / 2014**

Being one of the very first employee at Quanta, I heavily contributed building their main product from scratch, a SaaS application to monitor the performance of Magento websites.

My position included taking challenging decisions regarding technology choices, taking part in the product shaping and dealing with a lot of customer support.

The backend API was built with Ruby on Rails, and AngularJS for the frontend.

One of the heaviest task has been to create interfaces with foreign API and fetch data from multiple data sources (Zabbix, Magento, Google Analytics ...).

The impressive amount of data generated by those pollers made performance and database optimisation a challenging aspect of the development.

#### Epitech
**C / Unix teacher - 2011 / 2014**

#### Appsfire
**iOS developer (internship) - 2012**

#### S&D Agency
**iOS developer (internship) - 2011**

#### Miyowa
**Web developer (internship) - 2010**

------

### Projects

#### [Knock](https://github.com/nsarno/knock)
**Seamless JWT authentication for Rails API**

As of now, this project has 230+ stars on Github and it has also been featured in RubyWeekly, one of the most famous Ruby newsletters. It is also used by some great and trusted companies like Auth0, who featured Knock in their [official documentation](https://auth0.com/docs/server-apis/rails), as well as the seed project of their main product.


#### React Rocket / React Zero
**Yeoman generators for React/Flux applications**

I created two Yeoman generators to bootstrap front-end ReactJS applications, respectively [generator-react-rocket](https://github.com/nsarno/generator-react-rocket) and [generator-react-zero](https://github.com/nsarno/generator-react-zero).
The first one is based on Gulp and the second one is exclusively based on NPM.


#### Storm
**HTTP load simulator**

A pet project using Elixir and the Phoenix framework.

------

### Skills

**Languages & Frameworks**

- Ruby / Rails (3+ years / Advanced level)
- Javascript
- Experience with various javascript frameworks and libraries (jQuery, ReactJS, AngularJS, EmberJS)
- C
- Objective-C, Swift and iOS framework (Intermediate level / Not up-to-date with the latest iOS versions)
- Highly interested in Elixir and the Phoenix framework (Beginner level)

**Others**

- Git
- TDD (with RSpec, Minitest and Capybara)
- MySQL / PostgreSQL / Redis
- Smiling :) - only on demand

------

### Education

#### Epitech
**Master of Science in Computer Science - 2009 / 2014**

#### California State University, Long Beach
** Engineering exchange student - 2013**
